nordic stores pulled out piglet until
top lane right now brain can have been
jump Oh England ignites digging
first-base been secured now infected hit
by the tower shot shootout Mexes Oh
Broadway impact gets up defecation kill
for SBT paint get him back over the roof
and the fine wine but he can sniff blog
it was such station with around the
corner and bengi landing everything that
he needed to doesn't land yeah comes
fake up on the side he's got the attack
down oh well praying Kane still sit down
hi them down there goes a short way pray
to flash it box goes down good disengage
it whom I do taking up the tree he's
actually gonna fall but it will be P to
forewarn in the end going in for Dragon
Sword not going to give this one up for
free they're coming around the back
there come the Gregor's barrel put it
down ing they're pushing in caves going
to go down the lantern brink piglet
doing to the action but they walk away
the sword back up to be on renekton a
character that can handle Jack's one
first one but it's making them very very
confident he'll that comes in sons
especially going to go down from this
one and almost a double blade coming in
from that with so expression trying to
look very very quickly barrel comes up
of nine never does absolutely nothing a
decent strangle calls will interrupt skc
from re-engaging but here they come
while the shock wave comes down brave
he's going to be finished off a look at
piglet rip it through so dear that's
three men down triple kill is he going
to be able to make up for the barrel
comes back piglet won't be able to catch
up but it's four kills for them coming
in and all in total only nagging a stays
alive they go in for the turret piglet
was so steep right there he was closer
to nats and swords based and legend
sword work in the middle of three people
able hunt him down and finish them off
this is going to be an inhibitor
inhibitor has been taken is katie
tanking up that tower until the minions
have conga line did it caissons up a
ferret they've got great control of
vision and this is completely
uncontestable by sword alright so they
for the most part impact untuk they
cooperate praise down yeah comes piglet
he manages to cleanse off the root
manages to pick himself up a kill and he
focuses the rest of the damage to clear
out the
it's SKT hammer down second Nexus story
it goes down like they just pick up the
kill on bengi but they're pushing in for
the finish here they're trying to take
down the Nexus and they will take down
the Nexus sk telecom t1 pickup game
number 2 here and green is all square up
one more thank you